---
tags: temp
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:11 pm
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **11:32** Okay I have been here for an hour or so. I have been saving things to add to the KB from every course that has been given and is relevant. I found a script that would extract [[PDF.md|pdf]] highlights. (Already had one for the web). And now I wrote another to format it a little so it's easier.
	- I can now very easily just go through the merged pdfs, highlight what I need. And then find a way to add it to the database. Pretty neat.
	- Although now I should focus on important stuff
	- I also found a very nice seat here. I really like it.
- [[Emergentism.md|Emergentism]]
- [[Connectionism.md|Connectionism]]
- [[Nativists.md]]
- [[Elman 1990.md|Elman 1990]]
- [[Connectionist Networks.md|Connectionist Networks]]
- [[Backprop.md]]
- [[Bias nodes.md]]
- [[Words-and-Rules.md]]
- **11:37** that was fast and nice.
- Okay maybe till 12 I will do [[language.md|language]] modeling. Then will move on. This also has RNN's in it so that is definitely a bonus
- **11:54** Some more from the CSL stuff. then will move on to the code of RNNs and the lot
- [[Wickelphones.md]]
- [[Semantics influences form.md]]
- [[Symbolic learning model.md]]
- [[Memory-based learning.md]]
- [[Non-adjacent dependencies.md]]
- [[Visual Implicit Learning.md]]
- [[Misyak et al 2010.md]]
- [[Saffran, Aslin and Newport.md]]
- **12:46** I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE RNN, GRU AND LSTM DIAGRAMS. Stupid weird things. Its not even hard -.-. Good ol code saving my ass
- **05:06** Oops its been a while. Ive been around quite a bit in the meanwhile. Had food. Went to get the bike fixed which did not work. Now I am here in the forum. Working on the models again. Until I can I guess



