---
tags: temp
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:11 pm
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **08:05** Been a while. Just want to add some stuff to the DB. Some timepass tbh. Maybe for 30 35 mins
- **08:26** I guess it would be nice to upgrade my little website formatter script with the filenames as tags. :/ Idk whats up with me and making this database. I feel like its the most important thing ive done so far in this domain. Idek why. But what to do. its just something I have to do I guess.
	- Okay lets see if I can make this script better.
- **08:35** Yeah idk about that. It seems like all im doing is redifining what Obsidian does already. Maybe I should just let it do its thing and focus on simple formatting only
- [[Benchmark LLM.md]]
- [[OPT.md]]
- [[Diffusion LM.md]]
- [[DeepPERF.md]]
- [[CTC.md]]
- [[Joint Factor Analysis.md]]
- [[Speech Recognition.md]]
- [[Speaker Verification.md]]
- [[Listen Attend Spell.md]]
- [[VGGish.md]]
- **08:47** I guess this whole thing counts as procrastinating? I dunno honestly but well. I do think its not tooo bad
- **08:50** Maybe I should write one bit to automate the file creation.. that is taking the most time right now honestly
- [[X Vectors.md]]
- [[WaveGlow.md]]
- **11:05** More now
- **11:19**
- [[Tacotron 2.md|Tacotron 2]]
- [[wave2vec.md]]
- [[SpecAugment.md]]
- [[Conformer.md]]
- [[wave2vec 2.md|wave2vec 2]]
- [[HiFI-GAN Denoising.md]]
- [[HiFI-GAN Synthesis.md]]
- [[Speech Emotion Recognition.md]]
- [[XLM-R.md]]
- [[GE2E.md]]
- [[Generative Spoken Language Modeling.md]]
- [[pGLSM.md]]
- [[Speech Resynthesis.md]]
- [[S2ST.md]]
- [[Textless Speech Emotion Conversion.md]]
- [[dGSLM.md]]
- [[textless-lib.md]]
- **11:35** More?



