---
tags: temp
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:11 pm
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **02:53** Just spending time here. Will add more stuff to the KB as I go along.
	- I majorly want to work on segmentation using that [[Vision Transformer.md|Vision transformer]] today
	- Add add things to the KB
 - **03:09** Some more. Gods theres __so many__ of them
- [[data2vec.md]]
- [[DALL-E 2.md|DALL-E 2]]
- [[AutoDistill.md]]
- [[Gato.md]]
- [[Scene based text to image generation.md]]
- [[i-Code.md]]
- [[VL-BEIT.md]]
- [[FLAVA.md]]
- [[Flamingo.md]]
- [[Collaborative Topic Regression.md]]
- [[Wide Deep Recommender.md]]
- [[DeepFM.md]]
- [[DLRM.md]]
- **03:15** I am somewhat tired of mindless copy paste. Ill look at some more in depth articles for now
- [[Learning Rate Range Test.md]]
- [[Style GAN.md]]
- **06:13** I found a nice blog of quite a few things [colah](https://colah.github.io/)
	- [[Connectome.md]]
	- This is really interesting :o
		- [[Interpretability vs Neuroscience.md]]
			- **06:17** HOLY. I found something REALLY INTERESTING. [[../Neural Circuits]]
		- In fact, I think it ties in to my thesis ideas as well :O What are the odds??
		- Okay wait. After Karpathy and Jeremy Howard, this researcher is another crazy nut. Maybe I have a new hero?? Christopher Olah is his name. All bow.
- **06:51** [[Interpretability vs Neuroscience.md]]
- I know this should be an AI knowledge base but I think ill just use it as a general one. Who knows where connections come from right?
- [[Micromarriage.md]]
- [[Research Intimacy.md]]
- [[Research Debt.md]] This is so true. I guess thats a huge problem..
- This person is literally doing what I want to look into. Guess it will directly influence my thesis
- [[Inceptionism.md]]
- **08:19** Okay I should stop for today



