---
tags: temp
date created: Wednesday, October 19th 2022, 9:32:12 am
date modified: Wednesday, October 19th 2022, 9:32:13 am
---
- **09:32** Feedback for lab 1
- Submission Feedback
Overall Feedback
Subhaditya Mukherjee
Graded by Malina
Title and abstract:  2/4
Title: Not informative enough. Picture-Verification is not the actual name of the task, “truth-value judgement” is. You need to mention quantifiers since they are the focus of the study. It’s not common to name the statistical analysis method in the title unless the paper is more about statistics than language modeling.
Abstract: You need a brief motivation for the study, should contain the results of the study on 8 y/o, otherwise it’s pointless to compare your results to theirs. Describe your actual results.
Method: 3/5
Participants: Non-native speakers are not outliers unless you actually look at their data. 
Experimental design: The explanation of fixed factors should also go in this section. You need to explain your dependent variable (the acceptability) and the independent variables (fixed + [[random factors]]) better, focusing on what they mean, how the levels/values were chosen, and how they help you answer the research question. 
Control conditions are usually discussed in the Materials and Stimuli section, along with examples of pictures and sentences used.
Data is usually discussed in the results directly if you conducted your own experiment (this is also the case for you since the data is for the course only). If the data is publicly available, you can discuss it in the method.
Procedure: You need a section that focuses on the task itself / what your participants had to do.
You can explain in the method why you used mixed effects models and how you select the best model, but the model itself has to be discussed in the Results.
Results:4/5
Descriptive statistics: - You don't need the table if you have the RDI plot, which contains the same info + extra info about the distribution. If you want a table, maybe add some distribution statistics like the standard deviation, etc. Your explanation of the RDI plot is too vague and general. The distribution of no-each distributive condition actually suggests that you have a sizeable subpopulation that accepts distributive readings of sentences without each, but there is also a population which doesn't. People seem to be quite divided on this, not many people are in the middle (which would indicate that most people randomly accept distributive sentences without each, without having a clear preference). 
Model: No need to explain what * and + mean for models, if you mention the optimizer cite it in the text correctly \cite{...}. Model selection is not very clear: did you incrementally add or remove factors? Which structure did you fit first? The [[random factors]] or the fixed factors? How did you compare models with very similar AIC scores? You don’t need to report the exact AIC score.
Inferential statistics: explain what the model predicts briefly. How does the interaction between picture and sentence influence acceptability? What does it mean for the sentence to be a slope for ID? Good post-hoc test and explanation! You need sth like this for the model also!
Appendix: 1/2
The table with the best model coefficients should go here, specify the model formula in the caption.  Even though the R output for models combines variable names and values, your table should be more readable, so spell them out properly. You don’t need to include all models tried.
Edited well: 1/2
When you explain a figure/table give the number. You can use \label{img1} for an image and then reference it in the text as Figure
???
 and it will automatically fill in the number of the figure.  The model formula is written twice. Many of the plot labels are too small to read, and the post hoc plot is too small to understand.
Clarity: 1/2 - some explanations are not clear  
Total: 13/20

