---
tags: temp
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:11 pm
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **02:53** Just spending time here. Will add more stuff to the KB as I go along.
	- I majorly want to work on segmentation using that [Vision transformer](Vision%20Transformer.md) today
	- Add add things to the KB
 - **03:09** Some more. Gods theres __so many__ of them
- [data2vec](data2vec.md)
- [DALL-E 2](DALL-E%202.md)
- [AutoDistill](AutoDistill.md)
- [Gato](Gato.md)
- [Scene based text to image generation](Scene%20based%20text%20to%20image%20generation.md)
- [i-Code](i-Code.md)
- [VL-BEIT](VL-BEIT.md)
- [FLAVA](FLAVA.md)
- [Flamingo](Flamingo.md)
- [Collaborative Topic Regression](Collaborative%20Topic%20Regression.md)
- [Wide Deep Recommender](Wide%20Deep%20Recommender.md)
- [DeepFM](DeepFM.md)
- [DLRM](DLRM.md)
- **03:15** I am somewhat tired of mindless copy paste. Ill look at some more in depth articles for now
- [Learning Rate Range Test](Learning%20Rate%20Range%20Test.md)
- [Style GAN](Style%20GAN.md)
- **06:13** I found a nice blog of quite a few things [colah](https://colah.github.io/)
	- [Connectome](Connectome.md)
	- This is really interesting :o
		- [Interpretability vs Neuroscience](Interpretability%20vs%20Neuroscience.md)
			- **06:17** HOLY. I found something REALLY INTERESTING. [../Neural Circuits](../Neural%20Circuits)
		- In fact, I think it ties in to my thesis ideas as well :O What are the odds??
		- Okay wait. After Karpathy and Jeremy Howard, this researcher is another crazy nut. Maybe I have a new hero?? Christopher Olah is his name. All bow.
- **06:51** [Interpretability vs Neuroscience](Interpretability%20vs%20Neuroscience.md)
- I know this should be an AI knowledge base but I think ill just use it as a general one. Who knows where connections come from right?
- [Micromarriage](Micromarriage.md)
- [Research Intimacy](Research%20Intimacy.md)
- [Research Debt](Research%20Debt.md) This is so true. I guess thats a huge problem..
- This person is literally doing what I want to look into. Guess it will directly influence my thesis
- [Inceptionism](Inceptionism.md)
- **08:19** Okay I should stop for today



