---
title: AutoAugment
tags: augment
date created: Monday, October 10th 2022, 1:58:12 pm
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:06 pm
---

# AutoAugment
- developed by Cubuk et al.
- much different approach to meta-learning than [[Neural Augmentation]] or [[Smart Augmentation]]
- AutoAugment is a Reinforcement Learning algorithm that searches for an optimal augmentation policy amongst a constrained set of [[geometric transformations]] with miscellaneous levels of distortions. For example, ‘translateX 20 pixels’ could be one of the transformations in the search space
- In Reinforcement Learning algorithms, a policy is analogous to the strategy of the learning algorithm. This policy determines what actions to take at given states to achieve some goal. The AutoAugment approach learns a policy which consists of many subpolicies, each sub-policy consisting of an image transformation and a magnitude of transformation
- Reinforcement Learning is thus used as a discrete search algorithm of augmentations.

## Backlinks

> - [RandAugment](RandAugment.md)
>   - RandAugment is able to achieve comparable or better performance compared to other automated augmentation methods, such as [[AutoAugment]], without the need for a separate proxy task.
>   - Conversely, a policy learned on a proxy task (such as [[AutoAugment]]) provides a fixed distortion magnitude (Figure 1b, dashed line) for all architectures that is clearly sub-optimal.
>   - In previous work, scaling learned data augmentation to larger dataset and models have been a notable obstacle. For example, [[AutoAugment]] and Fast [[AutoAugment]] could only be optimized for small models on reduced subsets of data
>   - In previous work, scaling learned data augmentation to larger dataset and models have been a notable obstacle. For example, [[AutoAugment]] and Fast [[AutoAugment]] could only be optimized for small models on reduced subsets of data
>    
> - [Augmented Random Search](Augmented Random Search.md)
>   - The authors point out that the sub-policies learned from [[AutoAugment]] are inherently flawed because of the discrete search space.
>    
> - [KeepAugment](KeepAugment.md)
>   - Keep- Augment identifies the salient area in an image and assures the image generated by the augmenta- tion strategies, for example, [[Cutout]], [[RandAugment]] [14], [[CutMix]] [82] or [[AutoAugment]] [13], contains salient region in it.

_Backlinks last generated 2023-01-28 14:37:47_
