---
tags: temp
date modified: Thursday, August 11th 2022, 12:32:42 am
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **02:53** Just spending time here. Will add more stuff to the KB as I go along.
	- I majorly want to work on segmentation using that [[../Vision Transformer|Vision transformer]] today
	- Add add things to the KB
 - **03:09** Some more. Gods theres __so many__ of them
- [[../data2vec]]
- [[../DALL-E 2]]
- [[../AutoDistill]]
- [[../Gato]]
- [[../Scene based text to image generation]]
- [[../i-Code]]
- [[../VL-BEIT]]
- [[../FLAVA]]
- [[../Flamingo]]
- [[../Collaborative Topic Regression]]
- [[../Wide Deep Recommender]]
- [[../DeepFM]]
- [[../DLRM]]
- **03:15** I am somewhat tired of mindless copy paste. Ill look at some more in depth articles for now
- [[../Learning Rate Range Test]]
- [[../Style GAN]]
- **06:13** I found a nice blog of quite a few things [colah](https://colah.github.io/)
	- [[../Connectome]]
	- This is really interesting :o
		- [[../Interpretability vs Neuroscience]]
			- **06:17** HOLY. I found something REALLY INTERESTING. [[../Neural Circuits]]
		- In fact, I think it ties in to my thesis ideas as well :O What are the odds??
		- Okay wait. After Karpathy and Jeremy Howard, this researcher is another crazy nut. Maybe I have a new hero?? Christopher Olah is his name. All bow.
- **06:51** [[../Interpretability vs Neuroscience]]
- I know this should be an AI knowledge base but I think ill just use it as a general one. Who knows where connections come from right?
- [[../Micromarriage]]
- [[../Research Intimacy]]
- [[../Research Debt]] This is so true. I guess thats a huge problem..
- This person is literally doing what I want to look into. Guess it will directly influence my thesis
- [[../Inceptionism]]
- **08:19** Okay I should stop for today

