# DL
- **10:30**  Well I woke up around here. Suddenly got some ideas about coding and stuff
- **11:59** I finally understand how to use equinox. Im just looking at their codebase. It is actually.. not that hard? But to get to transformers, I need to build everything from scratch. To understand it. The only thing I need to understand apart from it is how to get the data loaded nicely. But I feel like it is within my reach now. Equinox really is nice. It is pretty normal and not bogged down by a million things. 
	- https://d2l.ai/ is one of the best resources I have found so far
	- Once these things are created, I think I will be in the position to actually explore research papers. But of course, it would take time to get there. I think it is definitely worth it though.
	- But now I will eat something and focus on getting CCN together. I barely have like 5 days to finish it. I need to go through some papers and figure out what I want with them. But it will be okay I think.
- **12:13**   Okay this is distracting as hell. I should really eat and work on CCN. Enough of this for now.
- **12:58** Well I finally got down. Time to start work.

# CCN
- **12:59** CCN. Here we go
- Background - what do we know now about it. Theres a gap
	- Main aims - outline what we will do. Characterize everything. Compare things. More difficult and easier versions
		- a 
	- Methodology - Just logic. Link between questions and answers
		- a
	- Hypothesized results - where the field arries. What will it do?
		- a
	- Sell the work  
		- a
- **01:21** Papers and what they talk about
	- A RESEARCH ON SOCIAL MEDIA ADDICTION AND [DOPAMINE](../Dopamine.md) DRIVEN FEEDBACK
		- [Gaming addiction](../Gaming%20addiction.md)
		- A nice blurb about [Dopamine](../Dopamine.md)
		- [fMRI](../fMRI.md) that shows that regions are activated that lead to production of [dopamine](../Dopamine.md)
		- Somewhat of an addiction
		- Social media being an ass
	- **01:33**  Oh found this paper which talks about what I want. And another one they cited for a similar thing. I might be on to something here
	- **01:40** iNTERNET ADDICTION AND FUNCTIONAL BRAIN NETWORKS: TASK-RELATED FMRI STUDY
		- This one. This one answers a lot of questions
		- Task related [fMRI](../fMRI.md)
		- looking at specific brain regions, and their [BOLD](../BOLD.md) response
		- [[Default mode network]] changes
		- Only males were looked at. Consider more people? Different walks of life?
		- Maybe in the short/longer term?
		- The kind of changes were only observed in terms of people who answered that they were addicted to the internet
		- Should I look at the more short term effects of it? Say math problems or something? Maybe something that requires a bit more thinking. 
		- **02:04**  How should I take the people? With a quick survery like these people? Choosing different samples?
			- Two groups. One with content similar to the task and another with ones that are different
			- People of say different ages, but having too much variation is only possible if there are enough samples of each age. So instead maybe only focus on the "addicted" label?
			- [[Functional correlates]] of Addiction in the [Default mode network](../Default%20mode%20network.md) and [Inhibitory Control Network](../Inhibitory%20Control%20Network.md)
			- I am still not sure of the task. That is the major question. I do want to test the short term effects of social media. So basically I need some sort of task. What was this [[Stroop Task]] ? 
				- Okay this does not seem like something that might be very useful
				- **02:35** Adding accuracy and speed into the metrics is an interesting point
			- hypothesized that [[BOLD]] signal changes in the regions of the [Default mode network](../Default%20mode%20network.md) and [Inhibitory Control Network](../Inhibitory%20Control%20Network.md) are correlated with IA scores.
			- [[PIUQ]]
			- A baseline session would be nice
			- Incongruent stimuli induced [BOLD](../BOLD.md) signal changes were found to be negatively correlated with [PIUQ](../PIUQ.md)
			- Moreover, we found significant deactivations in these areas during incongruent stimuli for both verbal Stroop and non-verbal Stroop-like tasks. [Brain areas](../Brain%20Areas.md) in the cerebral cortex with constantly decreasing activity during demanding tasks are considered being part of the DMN
			- Authors claim that this may serve as neural background of the uncontrolled Internet use and they also suggest that IA may share similar neurobiological abnormalities than other addictions.
	- **02:36** Li et al. - 2015 - Brain structures and functional connectivity assoc
		- To ensure signal equilibrium and participants’ adaptation to their immediate environment, the first 10 volumes of the functional images were excluded. The remaining 232 scans images were preprocessed including slice timing, head motion correction, and spatial normalization to a standard template.
		- To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to simultaneously investigate structural and functional brain alterations in a large sample of healthy young adults with an IA tendency.
- **02:38** So far 
	- reasons
		- (Long term) and short term effects of this in two groups who identify as addicted/non addicted and changes in scores in a short term setting
		- Threshold of difference in cognition (if enough samples can be obtained)
	- Need
		- Kind of pages to show. Since it is verbal and non verbal tasks. Maybe more of meme pages? Or color schemes
			- Expected -> Related pages might lead to better performance, Unrelated might lead to degradation
				- In people who are addicted, the baseline performance is lower
				- In a short term setting, how much do these (two) tasks lead to a degredation in performance
	- How
		- Measuring fMRI [BOLD](../BOLD.md) response in relation to the regions of the [Default mode network](../Default%20mode%20network.md) and [Inhibitory Control Network](../Inhibitory%20Control%20Network.md)
		- Pick people with the [PIUQ](../PIUQ.md) survey first
	- Issues
		- Too simple task? 
			- Maybe combine multiple Stroops in one task? Say two colors on a page instead of one? 
- **02:46** Yeah, I think I have the structure of the paper in hand now. Just need to flesh it out and see if any other points come up that might lead to questions
	- Maybe looking at a few more papers to find out what other types of work have been done.
	- But I can go take a break now and call parents and eat something more






































