---
tags: temp
date modified: Wednesday, August 10th 2022, 11:41:21 am
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **11:32** Okay I have been here for an hour or so. I have been saving things to add to the KB from every course that has been given and is relevant. I found a script that would extract [pdf](../PDF.md) highlights. (Already had one for the web). And now I wrote another to format it a little so it's easier.
	- I can now very easily just go through the merged pdfs, highlight what I need. And then find a way to add it to the database. Pretty neat.
	- Although now I should focus on important stuff
	- I also found a very nice seat here. I really like it.
- [Emergentism](../Emergentism.md)
- [Connectionism](../Connectionism.md)
- [Nativists](../Nativists.md)
- [Elman 1990](../Elman%201990.md)
- [Connectionist Networks](../Connectionist%20Networks.md)
- [Backprop](../Backprop.md)
- [Bias nodes](../Bias%20nodes.md)
- [Words-and-Rules](../Words-and-Rules.md)
- **11:37** that was fast and nice.
- Okay maybe till 12 I will do language modeling. Then will move on. This also has RNN's in it so that is definitely a bonus
- **11:54** Some more from the CSL stuff. then will move on to the code of RNNs and the lot
- [Wickelphones](../Wickelphones.md)
- [Semantics influences form](../Semantics%20influences%20form.md)
- [Symbolic learning model](../Symbolic%20learning%20model.md)
- [Memory-based learning](../Memory-based%20learning.md)
- [Non-adjacent dependencies](../Non-adjacent%20dependencies.md)
- [Visual Implicit Learning](../Visual%20Implicit%20Learning.md)
- [Misyak et al 2010](../Misyak%20et%20al%202010.md)
- [Saffran, Aslin and Newport](../Saffran,%20Aslin%20and%20Newport.md)
- **12:46** I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THE RNN, GRU AND LSTM DIAGRAMS. Stupid weird things. Its not even hard -.-. Good ol code saving my ass
- **05:06** Oops its been a while. Ive been around quite a bit in the meanwhile. Had food. Went to get the bike fixed which did not work. Now I am here in the forum. Working on the models again. Until I can I guess

