---
tags: temp
date modified: Thursday, August 11th 2022, 12:32:42 am
date created: Tuesday, July 26th 2022, 8:33:15 pm
---
- **11:17** Okay Im here at the library. Today I want to focus on finishing the CCN paper (there were only a few comments). After that the rest of the time I want to work on tomorrows workshop. I feel like itll be fine if i write it down
	- As a start, I want to continue some KB work that I started yesterday from this [blog](https://github.com/christianversloot/machine-learning-articles/blob/main/) . Its no longer a website for some reason, so Id rather get the materials. Some of the pages are genuinly awesome
- **11:18** [DALL-E](../DALL-E.md)
- **11:21** There are some common transforms I keep having to make while copying from these blogs. Ill make a quick script to help me make them instantly
- **12:40** Forgot to mention, I re-added most of the [Optimizers](../Optimizers.md) and have been looking at comments in the paper
	- Its not too bad. I fixed some of the minor ones. Now working on the bigger ones. Ill probably be done in an hour or so.
	- Then maybe ill take a small break and come back to work on the workshop. Lets see how it goes.
	- I do feel kinda anxious rn.
	- Ah the poor website is still very very broken.
    - **12:54** Maybe this change fixed the links. Fingers crossed. One sed command to convert wikilinks to markdown links

```sh
      find . -type f -exec sed -ri "s,\[]+)\|([^\[]+)\]\],[\2](\1|\[([^\[\|](%5B%5E%5C%5B%5C),g" {} \;
```

- **01:25** I should take a break
- **01:40** Im back. Going to work on the paper again.
- **02:55** Okay done. I finished the paper and Plag scan and uploaded it. Im officially done with uni work for now yay! Okay now I will work some more on the KB, then focus on getting the workshop stuff ready to go.
- **03:19** Added some more stuff on activation functions and random network stuff

