---
tags: temp
date modified: Wednesday, August 10th 2022, 7:07:26 pm
date created: Wednesday, August 10th 2022, 10:12:02 am
---
- **10: 27** I feel out of touch with DL. Ill try to read a paper today and make notes on it. Maybe I should do some more fun reading. Rn its pretty overwhelming and boring.
- **10: 36** Should I start blogging again?
- Im not sure. I feel like it might be good for me.. But it seems a bit overwhelming again. I also want to go through this KB and add whatever I want to specific topics. Anything I do not understand. Maybe I can flag them with a #blog
- hmm. After I go through this current paper, I will do that.
- I realized I can write 'microblogs'
- Just short things, what, why, how. Will take the pressure off me and also help me remember things better. Maybe I can just have a little folder of articles. Hmm.
- **11:13** I read the distillation paper. Ill get back to writing notes on it soon. For now Ill go and tend to my digital garden of knowledge.
- **02:01** Ah Im very satisfied with the improvements to the KB. The links finally work. I also wrote a tag page generator.
- **05:19** Added quite some content, cleaned up a bit.
	- I know this KB will be useful someday. I just dont know why I invest so much time in it. Maybe its just procrastinating or maybe its the only thing I can do rn.
- **05:46** Added a lot of stuff in [robotics](../robotics.md) from [motoman](https://www.motoman.com/en-us/about/company/robotics-glossary)
- **07:06** Im fond of these glossary lists. Especially in fields I dont know. I think itll be useful while reading articles. Added some in [brain](../brain.md) stuff from [dana](https://dana.org/explore-neuroscience/brain-basics/key-brain-terms-glossary/)

