---
tags: temp
date created: Tuesday, September 20th 2022, 9:17:50 am
date modified: Monday, October 10th 2022, 2:02:10 pm
---
- **09:17** Language modeling
	- fillers in experiments - planning, similar to each other but not too much
	- bundle it with something
	- Processing Sentences with distributive and collective readings
		- processor : all processes in brain
		- Grammatically forced choice
		- Vaguenes
- **12:27** Language modeling assignment 1
	- **The Factors** Experiment 1 investigated transitive sentences with numerically quantified subject and object DPs. The numerical quantifiers were always the numbers "three" in the subject and "two" in the object. Additionally, sometimes the sentences included the distributional quantifier "each":
	1. Three girls pushed two wagons.
	2. Three girls each pushed two wagons.
	This means that we have one factor, call it "Sentence" that has two levels: we have version of the item without "each", and versions of the item with "each".
	These two types of sentences were then presented either with a picture where the three actors collectively act on the objects, or pictures where they each act separately on their own set of objects. This is then the second factor investigated, which we cann call "Picture". The factor "Picture" thus has two levels as well: Distributive or Collective.
	This gives us a 2x2 design, resulting in 4 Conditions:

## Results
- No Each + Distributive : 0.4722222
- No Each + Collective : 0.9768519
- Each + Distributive : 0.9631336
- Each + Collective : 0.1898148

## What We Know
- From age 7, “each” is gradually no longer acceptable with collective readings in active sentences, but this persists much longer (until after 9!) with passive sentences
- However, adults and children from age 5 don’t like distributive readings with “all” in passive
- Children correctly allow a collective interpretation with all, but not for sentences with each
- By 6, children consistently associate a distributive interpretation with each.
- Children gradually prefer collective readings with “all”.
- Passive strengthens the collective preference, with children adult like at 7!



