# Main Day
- **12:41** Okay so here we are again. yesterday was a nice break. Today I want to finish a first draft of CCN. It is almost 1. But maybe in an hour I should have a skeleton of the draft ready.
	- 2-4 pages
	- Title
		- Short term distraction on the internet and functional brain networks : A task-related FMRI study
		- Short term distraction on the internet and it's effects on functional brain networks
		- Effects of intermittent social media distraction on functional brain networks
			- Yeah I am leaning towards this one here
	- Participants
		- An ideal number of participants would be atleast 10 for each of the two groups. (One with pages of a similar nature to the task, and another without) 
		- !!!!! Okay maybe send them an email asking for how long this actually takes
		- For every group, the participants are divided into age brackets 18-20, 21-39, 40-50+. The brackets were chosen based on the common scale of teen, adult, middle age. Since the objective is to see a general trend and not specifically focus on age groups, the author believes this to be a decent criterion.
		- The participants would be chosen based on the PIUQ survey and broadly classified into categories that are addicted to the internet and those that are not. 
		- **01:14** The participants are further divided into two groups. Each group of 10, would have atleast 2 from each age bracket.
		- Further funding would enable a more comprehensive study with more people from each age bracket.
	- Data Collected (Renamed at **01:24** )
		- From the task software, the accuracy achieved, along with the time to finish the task would be collected. From the fMRI data, the BOLD responses at the regions of the DMN and ICN would be collected as a timeseries. These would further be chunked into data from before and after the distraction was induced. Combining these sources of information for every individual, it would be possible to find that patterns that we are looking for. 
		- Once the data is obtained, standard preprocessing steps would first be applied to the fMRI data (denoising, removing faulty data, removing outliers, normalizing). The task data will also be checked for outliers.
	- Analysis Performed
		- The analysis would be performed for every individual. It would later split into the age brackets and internet addiction categories (since this is just a few simple data aggregations). A similar analysis would be done for both groups with the similar and dissimilar distractions to their task.
		- The activations of the DMN and ICN from before and after the distraction would be compared. Care would be taken to ignore the time that the participant would require to get used to their environment. Special focus would be given to the performance in the moments right after the distraction. It would also be interesting to note, if the performance increases a span of time after they start doing the task again.
	- **01:36** Hypothesised results
		- Altered ICN shows that they can't stop being distracted, and keep coming back. Altered DMN can be linked to performance
		- **01:57** It is expected, that distraction lowers performance in the short term as the brain gets engaged to a task and is not able to quickly switch between the two. This could be contrasted between how related the distraction is to the task at hand.
		- **03:31** A slightly lower baseline score is also expected for the participants that are more addicted to the internet than the others.
		- **01:48** 
		- In these tasks, a lowered activation of the DMN might be correlated with the performance over time. The initial span right after the distraction is predicted to have a lower DMN activation, corresponding to lower accuracy. This is also predicted to get better (increase activation) over time. 
		- If the distraction is related to the task at hand, it is expected that the participants would show a slight drop in performance that recovers in time. While, if it was not related to the task, a much larger and more consistent drop in performance is expected.
		- Altered activations of the ICN are related to not being able to stop coming back to the distraction. Therefore this is also expected to vary in both tasks, but more significantly in the different task.
		- The author also expects that the different age brackets would show similar results, with a different response as the age increases.
	- **01:53** The task
		- Distraction of 5 minutes.
		- A visual Stroop task where the participants are shown a color and the corresponding word is shown. The correct answer should be typed into a box. (Spelling errors are not accounted for as of this study but could be a future research point.)
		- After half of the total number of questions, a distraction of 5 minutes is given. One group of participants is given a curated feed of images and comments of random media (focus on different colors in each image). The other group is given a feed of images that have a specific color scheme (blue houses, green cars etc) and their related comments.
	- **01:51** Future analysis
		- If the initial task is succesful, further funding would enable future research in the following ways.
		- It would be possible to explore the age difference in more depth, which would lead to more interesting results. This could be very useful in providing different levels of changes in schools and organizations. For example, requiring a certain amount of phone free time before an exam.
		- A more long term study would be possible, where there are multiple times of distraction of longer times.
	- **02:03** Background
		- I think I will eat first and come back to this after I am done
		- **03:19** In recent times, our devices have begun to consume most of our time and energy. Be it scrolling through Instagram for hours, or checking our notifications every few minutes, this is undoubtedly very harmful to us in the long run. 
		- A lot of the research has been focused on the negative impact of this constant barrage of information. Dieter et al. showed that people who were more addicted to communication based applications, exhibited an impairment in inhibitory responses and had a harder time being calm, and emotionally focused. In attempting to measure if social media led to changes in the perception of time, Turel et al. found that the groups of participants that were at risk to being addicted, showed a distortion in time estimation. Another interesting study was done by Zhan et al. where they looked at fMRI data when users of the Chinese social media site, Sina Weibo were shown positive or negative messages. They found that reposts of negative messages affected the functional connectivity of certian parts of the brain more than positive reposts. Hüseyin et al. looked at the effects of long term social media addiction and talked about how the brain's dopamine feedback loop is responsible for being addicted to online games. This further leads to users coming back for more, which in the long term leads to major mental health issues. Doing an fMRI scan, they identified similar regions of activations as those with substance addictions. Li. et al performed a very interesting study on healthy adolescents with internet addictions. They found concerning changes in the functional connectivity in many such brains. The authors do state that to the best of their knowledge, it was one of the first to perform a study of this scale in this domain. Continuing this thought, Gergely et al. investigated the links between functional brain networks and being addicted to the internet. They used a task related fMRI to collect data. A stroop type task was assigned to the participants and the fMRI BOLD response in the Default Mode Network (DMN) and the Inhibitory Control Network (ICN) were observed. They chose participants using the Problematic Internet Usage Questionnaire (PIUQ) and found a negative correlation between it and the BOLD signals. They talked about how these responses might lead to the users coming back to the internet, thus perpetuating the cycle.
		- **03:47** Although many such studies have been done on the long term effects of these distractions, not many were performed on the more short term effects of the same. These would be extremely useful in identifying just how much these devices affect us in our day to day activities. For instance, would texting people or scrolling Instagram right before an exam, negatively affect performance? Or would it only have a major effect right at the start. These questions are very relevant to our condition in these years. This study aims to answer some of them and hopefully lead to more extensive research in the same.
- **04:12** Well, I am almost done with this. Just need to reread it once, add an abstract, some more references. And then we are golden. Also spellcheck. I think I need a break though. Idk. Maybe I will go get some chocolate and a small walk before I come back and work on this again.
- **07:44** Uh. That was a long break. went on a walk. Napped. Called parents. And idk wasted time I guess. I need to do a few things in order
	- spellcheck
	- Add references to unhand sentences
	- finish that abstract
	- I guess I can leave the rereading for tomorrow

## Dump Task List
- Remove the weird art reference thing that we started yesterday I guess. Or not. Im not sure. Maybe i will keep that as a notes folder. Hmm. If i delete the papers from there (which is a good idea tbh), this is actually feasible
- vim how to use without breaking fingers lol
















